Apple is set to start the production of the OLED screens for 2018’s new iPhones next month. This will see Tim Cook continue his strategy of sacrificing market share and sales numbers to maintain higher margins and more expensive iOS-powered smartphones.
It may have decided to follow its own design ethos for the Galaxy S9, but Samsung is planning to follow the rest of the competition and echo the standout feature of Apple’s iPhone X. Stand by for a notched Galaxy.
Here are the top Apple (AAPL) stories from last week.
Drone pilot Duncan Sinfield, who has been producing videos about twice a month that give aerial tour updates of the progress of construction at Apple Park, said his videos may be coming to an end.
Stock market index funds extended their gains Monday as a key Dow Jones industrials ETF reclaimed but couldn&apos;t hold its 50-day line.
In peer-to-peer payments, there may be room for more than one winner.
With expectations for Apple&apos;s second-quarter report largely baked into the company&apos;s shares, it faces a &quot;sell the news&quot; reaction when it posts results May 1.
UBS says iPhone &quot;saturation&quot; is driving down Apple&#39;s growth in China.
Dow stocks Apple, Intel, Microsoft and Cisco Systems have formed new flat bases as of Friday&apos;s close. So did software giant Salesforce.
Global PC shipments have been steadily falling over the past few quarters, as customers prefer to do their browsing via smartphones, which are also coming with spreadsheet functionality these days. According to reports by Gartner and IDC, PC shipments have continued to see sluggish growth. According to IDC, global PC shipments were flat YoY (year-over-year) in 1Q18, at 60.4 million shipments. However, according to Gartner, global PC shipments fell 1.4% YoY in 1Q18.
Ballot initiative running with support from famed VC.
The tech giant says it caught 29 leakers this year, 12 of which were arrested.
In January 2018, Apple (AAPL) launched its own smart speaker, HomePod, for $349.  HomePod might not have yet caught buyers’ attention for a couple of reasons.  While HomePod seems to have a robust speaker, its digital assistant, Siri, is considered less sophisticated than Amazon’s Alexa.
Apple filed with the FCC to launch a gold iPhone X in July, but nothing has come of it yet.
Shannon Saccocia, Boston Private Wealth, and Jeff Carbone, Cornerstone Financial Partners, discuss earnings expectations and the market.
Leading the Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL) rumor mill today is news of how the company handles employees that leak information.  Employee Leaks: A recent memo from Apple goes into detail about its effort to combat leaks, reports Bloomberg.  Ironically enough, the memo on leaks leaked and now everyone can read it.
UBS predicts Apple's iPhone sales growth in China will be roughly flat this fiscal year, citing rising local competition.
Big Upside: Apple, Alphabet, Amazon and Facebook are bargains, says one analyst
Huawei is challenging Apple and Qualcomm in markets including smartphones and chips, says Ryan Shrout.
Apple Music, Apple’s (AAPL) music streaming arm, is continuing to see a surge in subscribers.  Back in March, the company said it had 38 million subscribers.  Now, according to a report by Variety, the music streaming service has 40 million subscribers, representing an addition of 2 million subscribers in one month.
